Xiaoyan, Dad did something wrong before.
Dad will go to your mother's tomorrow and repent now
You haven't seen your mother in a long time
Let's go together.
Dad, you haven't mentioned mom in a long time
If you want to go, I will definitely accompany you.
Dad is worried about Luo Zhixiang
He doesn't agree with me going out
Don't worry dad
Leave it to me
So late
What else do you have to do?
We are husband and wife
You came just in time
I have something to tell you
Tomorrow morning I want to go with my dad to take over from my mom
Mr. Lin, I will personally take you back
No, nothing else.
If you're worried about my dad running away
You can send someone to follow
I'm arguing with my wife and kids to run away
The marshals said we all need down jackets
I'm not dizzy yet.
In fact, I commit less crimes
What do you think of me?
This is not what you've been doing to me
Since you think so
I'll lose money if I don't do something.